so many undesirables to contend with
naysayers buffoons detractors why am I
my husband hasn't slept in three days
you are far too hard on yourself my dear
sweet homicidally insane pelagius what
would the people do without you dance
see smile ah grow old you are the best
septum that's ever ruled pal except for
that Martin fella but he turned into a
dragon god and that's hardly sporting
you know I was there for that whole
sordid affair marvelous time butterflies
blood a fox a severed head oh and the
cheese to die for yes yes as you've said
countless times before had a rough well
then if you're going to be like that
perhaps it's best I'll take my leave a
good day to you sir I said good day yes
yes go leave me to my ceaseless
responsibilities and burdens how roof
can't be bothered to host an old friend
for a decade
really Oh what kind of message a song a
summons wait I know a death threat
written on the back of an Argonian
concubine aha those are my favorites
well spit it out mortal I haven't got an
eternity actually I do little joke but
seriously what's the message where ya
now by who wait don't tell me I want to
guess was it more like nah no little Tim
but toymakers sauna huh the ghost of
kingless sandesh ah water was the one
yes Stanley the talking grapefruit from
pass wall haha I'm wrong on all accounts
aren't I ah no matter honestly I don't
want to know why ruin the surprise but
more to the point do you tiny puny
expendable little mortal actually think
you can convince me to leave because
that's crazy you don't realize who
you're dealing with here
oh pardon me where do you seeing
something I do apologize it's just that
i find myself suddenly and irrevocably
bored I mean really arias stand before
share goreth himself daedric prince of
madness and all you're deemed fit to do
is deliver a message how sad now that's
the real question isn't because honestly
how much time off could a demented
daedra really need so here's what I'm
going to do I'm going to leave that's
right I'm done holiday complete time to
return to the hum from day to day on one
condition you have to find the way out
first a good luck with that ha I do love
it when the mortals know they're being
manipulated makes things infinitely more
interesting care to take a look around
this is not I daresay the solitude
botanical gardens of any idea where you
are where you truly are welcome to the
deceptively verdant mind of the Emperor
Pelagius the third that's right you're
in the head of a dead homicidally insane
monarch hahaha now I know what you're
thinking can i still rely on my swords
and spells and sneak in and all that
nonsense sure sure or you could use the
web attack huh huh didn't see that
coming did you
do you mind I'm busy doing the fish
stick it's a fairy pelagius the third
now surely even you know about Pelagius
decree on his deathbed oh and this was
inspired he forbade death that's right
death outlawed inside the mind of Peleus
silly oh is it your first time
do you mind I'm busy doing the fish
stick it's a very delicate state of mind